want to know what's eating at theaters
this weekend apes must defend themselves
against an army of angry humans led by
woody harrelson in war for the Planet of
the Apes it will be a planet of apes a
gene age girl comes into possession of a
magical box that grants wishes
but extracts a gruesome price in wish
upon just soul my son bought you sold
into an unhappy marriage a young woman
is drawn into a fateful affair in Lady
Macbeth every cool to hell em high water
I'll see what's hot in theaters with
this week anticipation
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]
go to war with hunger counter your
craving to get a free movie tickets the
War of the plant of the apes from you
buy a $25 limited-edition get start it
in theaters July 14 hey Robin jump